As it can be Yes Well with it
To this video It is has been taken without trying to the other country to everyone
It is this time me we that marriage
It became other than gyoza
I am surprised by myself
No way
canal
One person
Since this something by now of the Tteyuu become father of another at all last year also was able to completely imagine
But there are various connections
After all it is already together
I will walk with my family
Underneath it will be a very
It is a net
Oh
That year is 2015
Really various
One thing I said, I went to a program called Shonen Shonen and it went to TV
It was an opportunity to get everyone to know
It is a program, but first
It's just 10 years since you came out
Well I think it's a memorial year but
And Aix-flops lotion Tteyuu students Well One Village One
And it sets the unit as say happy doing pounding
Among them, Gasprowon also
the fence of instinct Temple on youtube
I have done other Monosugoiikioide is in and has to hit now
I will wait together tomorrow, or something like this will be over this year
It is also when the say I hold on another amazing this year
Just
It is pregnant
Please be aware
So
I was born very much
I think it's an unforgettable year
Well, I'd think the people there were many that have been really surprised Nde was the sudden announcement
that
When I called the why or to do it at the time was married to now has had no Japanese girls and that marriage
Well various
There is a situation, but I personally see you
I wanted to say "Mai" but I belong to that super good original creative agency
I am a manager and a guy
As a result of various consultations, let's talk about a moment to think about the timing
Well talked about the result
Gane of born
August was actually born on August 5
Surprise at that time when born
What it likes and it was of a like or let's announcement
Hey everyone I'm going to be surprised
I had a secret to everyone
Hey Is
I think I was surprised
Straight and necessary
Because I have a family, I am not even known to the catholic poland
Some people have to support them well
More than a kind of activity that can be done alone
More is better
It is good because I have to take a job
I can do it too
I think in Naa tin wind do I need Ika increase
Hey
What can I do ?
I will open and repair it
It is still up
I'm ahead
I wonder if there is the flame or timing
I'm looking forward to pushing my future life
I am looking forward to seeing how my child grows up
The fun has increased
It has increased
Ne also wife
It is that general but I do get along well with a very nice person
If it is ok
Ne of the future
People who have a social relationship are also welcome to use something that you can do alone
The future
You meet
I became dad
Yes Thank you it is